today i'm going to explain a
supernatural horror film called it
follows
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
in a peaceful neighborhood annie storms
out of her home as if running for her
life
the sound of the door opening causes her
to stop in the middle of the road
she slowly backs away while her eyes
trail at something annie lies to her
neighbor and her father
saying that she's okay finally she
circles back to her home with her father
following inside
but she frantically exits again now with
her car keys in hand and drives away
even as she's driving she keeps looking
over her shoulder
panic in her eyes and ignoring her
ringing phone that evening
annie parks her car by the beach shaking
and crying
she finally answers her phone with her
eyes focused on the space around her car
she apologizes to her father and tells
him that she loves him
annie is tired of running and waits for
what lies ahead
annie is found at the beach in the
morning dead with her leg morbidly bent
and broken
in another part of the suburbs jay
relaxes in the pool
her sister kelly invites her to watch a
movie with her friends
but jay refuses she has a date later
that day
after kelly leaves jay smiles and calls
out the boys next door who are watching
her swim
inside their home kelly is watching a
movie with her friends
paul and yara while their mom is at the
dining table
jay heads up to her room quietly
preparing for her date
at the movie theater jay teaches hugh
her date a game that she and her sister
play
hugh chooses a person in the theater he
wants to trade places with and jay has
to guess who he chose
when it's hugh's turn to guess he points
to a girl in a yellow dress
but jay doesn't see her dread fills hugh
he immediately urges jay to leave the
theater with him he claims that he
didn't feel comfortable being there
they continued the date with dinner and
everything seemed to be going well
despite what happened in the theater
the next day jay walks with her sister
they talk about hugh
jay is giddy about him but is still
concerned about his behavior in the
theater
even though she accepted his story that
he wasn't feeling well
jay is still suspicious that he was
hiding something before reaching their
house
kelly ways to their neighbor greg during
their next date
hugh takes jay out to a secluded area
the two spend a passionate night in his
car for the first time
afterwards jay reminisces about her
views on love until hugh chloroforms her
jay tries to fight him back but hugh
overpowers her and she passes out
jay wakes up tied to a wheelchair in an
abandoned building
hugh apologizes and assures her that he
won't hurt her that he only needed time
to explain things to her
an entity will start to follow her and
it will kill her if it catches her
it used to follow him and now he passed
it on to her it can look like anyone
even someone that she knows the days jay
starts screaming for help
still in disbelief of what he said until
he reels her to the edge of the building
to show that it was coming
jay sees a strange woman slowly walking
towards the building
hugh instructs her that she has to sleep
with someone else to pass it along and
that if it kills her it will come after
him next
confused and afraid jay cries as hugh
takes her back in his car and drives
away
kelly and her friends play cards back at
their house when they witness you
dropping off jay in the middle of the
road
the three rush to her aid and calls the
cops who interrogate the distraught jay
about what happened
the police tried to track down hugh but
they couldn't find him since he had used
a fake name
days later jay is still struggling to
make sense of what happened
while in the bathroom a ball bounces off
the window startling her
she looks out the window not seeing the
boy from next door peeking at her from
the window
at school jay attends a class she sees
an old woman outside the window
seemingly heading towards her the old
woman looks out of place but no one else
seemed to mind her
hughes warnings about the entity come
back to her and she hurriedly leaves the
class
the entity gets close to her and she
confirms that the students around don't
see it
scared she gets into her car and leaves
jay heads to the ice cream shop where
kelly and paul work
she tells them the story hugh told her
none of them could believe it not even
jay but paul offers to stay at their
house for the night nonetheless to watch
over them
yara joins them to sleepover as well
that evening
jay couldn't sleep and joins paul in the
living room to watch a movie
paul sees jay's unease and tries to
comfort her
while reminiscing about their childhood
they hear the kitchen window breaking
paul goes to investigate but claims that
no one was there
he heads upstairs to wake up kelly
leaving jay alone
she walks into the kitchen nervously and
sees a woman there limping towards her
jay screams and rushes upstairs to her
room kelly and paul beg her to let them
in
still convinced that there's no one else
in the house jay
who's starting to believe hugh's story
about the creature collapses in fear and
panic with kelly comforting her
a still sleepy yara knocks on the door
and kelly opens it
despite jay's warnings jay is relieved
that yara is alone but a tall man
appears behind yara
jay screams and climbs out of the
balcony to escape
outside greg spots jay riding away on a
bicycle
with her friends and sister yelling for
her j style